# Go API client for usage


These usage endpoints define the following operations:

* **Usage**: Retrieve usage data for the specified time period (default is one month).
    
    * Users must have the `View organization usage` permission to access this endpoint.
    * This operation offers visibility across all account groups within the organization.
    * Users with `View organization usage` permission in multiple organizations should query the operation with the `aid` query string parameter (see optional parameters) for each organization.

* **Quotas**: Obtain organization and account usage quotas. Additionally, users with the appropriate permissions can create, update, or delete these quotas.
    
    * Users must have the necessary permissions to perform quota-related actions.

Refer to the Usage API operations for detailed usage instructions and optional parameters.


## Overview
*Automatically generated by the [OpenAPI Generator](https://openapi-generator.tech) using the [OpenAPI-spec](https://www.openapis.org/).*

- API version: 7.0.36
- Package version: 1.0.0

For more information, please visit [https://developer.cisco.com/docs/thousandeyes/v7/](https://developer.cisco.com/docs/thousandeyes/v7/)

## Installation

Install the following dependencies:

```sh
go get github.com/stretchr/testify/assert
go get golang.org/x/net/context
```

Put the package under your project folder and add the following in import:

```go
import "github.com/thousandeyes/thousandeyes-sdk-go/v3/client"
import "github.com/thousandeyes/thousandeyes-sdk-go/v3/usage"
```

To use a proxy, set the environment variable `HTTP_PROXY`:

```go
os.Setenv("HTTP_PROXY", "http://proxy_name:proxy_port")
```

## Documentation For Authorization

Authentication schemes defined for the API:
### BearerAuth
- **Type**: HTTP Bearer token authentication

Example

```go
configuration := client.NewConfiguration().WithAuthToken("<bearer-token>")
apiClient := client.NewAPIClient(configuration)
```

## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to *https://api.thousandeyes.com/v7*

Class | Method | HTTP request | Description
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
*QuotasAPI* | [**AssignOrganizationsAccountGroupsQuotas**](docs/QuotasAPI.md#assignorganizationsaccountgroupsquotas) | **Post** /quotas/account-groups/assign | Create or update accout group quotas
*QuotasAPI* | [**AssignOrganizationsQuotas**](docs/QuotasAPI.md#assignorganizationsquotas) | **Post** /quotas/assign | Create or update organizations quotas
*QuotasAPI* | [**GetQuotas**](docs/QuotasAPI.md#getquotas) | **Get** /quotas | Get organization and account group usage quota
*QuotasAPI* | [**UnassignOrganizationsAccountGroupsQuotas**](docs/QuotasAPI.md#unassignorganizationsaccountgroupsquotas) | **Post** /quotas/account-groups/unassign | Remove account group quotas from organizations
*QuotasAPI* | [**UnassignOrganizationsQuotas**](docs/QuotasAPI.md#unassignorganizationsquotas) | **Post** /quotas/unassign | Remove organization quotas
*UsageAPI* | [**GetEnterpriseAgentsUnitsUsage**](docs/UsageAPI.md#getenterpriseagentsunitsusage) | **Get** /usage/units/enterprise-agents | Get enterprise agent usage
*UsageAPI* | [**GetTestsUnitsUsage**](docs/UsageAPI.md#gettestsunitsusage) | **Get** /usage/units/tests | Get cloud and enterprise agents units usage
*UsageAPI* | [**GetUsage**](docs/UsageAPI.md#getusage) | **Get** /usage | Get usage information for the last month

